README.md, before:

# Dynamic Governance Collection

This is a collection of a variety of Dynamic Governance (aka Sociocracy, Holacracy, etc) documents available under Free Culture licenses (CC-BY, CC-BY-SA, CC0, Public Domain, etc.)

## Dynamic Governance

Dynamic Governance the generic term for a number of specific organizational management methods that encourage broader participation in the policies and operations of an organization.

There are currently several variations of these methods, in particular Sociocracy and Holacracy®. They all appear to have in common four common practices:

* **Circles**: self-organizing units with autotomy within a limited domain.
* **Double-linking**: Circles are linked together through two people, one for each linked circle into the other circle.
* **Conflict Resolution**: There are methods to resolve objections raised in a circle.
* **Election to Roles**: Circles elect people to functions, tasks and roles within the domain of the circle.

## Copyright & License

![](https://creativecommons.org/images/deed/seal.png)

All documents in this repository are copyright by their creators, and are available under one of a number of [Free Cultural Works](https://creativecommons.org/freeworks) licenses such as CC-BY, CC-BY-SA, CC0, Public Domain, etc. You may make derivative works (commercial or non-commercial) based on any of these documents, however, see the individual documents for any license requirements, such as attribution and/or committment to share the derivative work under the same license.

## Documents

* [Foundations of Sociocracy: Training Reference Manual](https://github.com/ParticipatoryOrgs/Dynamic-Governance-Collection/blob/master/Foundations-Of-Sociocracy--Training-Reference-Manual.md)
  * (c)2014 [The Sociocracy Consulting Group](http://sociocracyconsulting.com), licensed [CC-BY-SA](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

Commit message:

Added Blinkracy pdf & modified README

README.md, after:

# Dynamic Governance Collection

This is a collection of a variety of Dynamic Governance (aka Sociocracy, Holacracy, etc) documents available under Free Culture licenses (CC-BY, CC-BY-SA, CC0, Public Domain, etc.) or more restricted CC licenses.

## Dynamic Governance

Dynamic Governance the generic term for a number of specific organizational management methods that encourage broader participation in the policies and operations of an organization.

There are currently several variations of these methods, in particular Sociocracy and Holacracy®. They all appear to have in common four common practices:

* **Circles**: self-organizing units with autotomy within a limited domain.
* **Double-linking**: Circles are linked together through two people, one for each linked circle into the other circle.
* **Conflict Resolution**: There are methods to resolve objections raised in a circle.
* **Election to Roles**: Circles elect people to functions, tasks and roles within the domain of the circle.

## Copyright & License

### Free Cultural Works

![](https://creativecommons.org/images/deed/seal.png)

The following documents in this repository are copyright by their creators, and are available under one of a number of [Free Cultural Works](https://creativecommons.org/freeworks) licenses such as CC-BY, CC-BY-SA, CC0, Public Domain, etc. You may make derivative works based on any of these documents, however, see the individual documents for any license requirements, such as attribution and/or committment to share the derivative work under the same license.

* [Foundations of Sociocracy: Training Reference Manual](https://github.com/ParticipatoryOrgs/Dynamic-Governance-Collection/blob/master/Foundations-Of-Sociocracy--Training-Reference-Manual.md)
  * (c)2014 [The Sociocracy Consulting Group](http://sociocracyconsulting.com), licensed [CC-BY-SA](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

### Restricted Works

![Creative Commons](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/logos/cc.logo.png)

The following documents in this repository are copyright by their creators, and are available under a restricted Creative Commons license such as CC-ND, CC-BY-NC, CC-BY-NC-SA, CC-BY-NC-ND, however, see the individual documents for any license requirements, such as attribution. Note that derivative works based on any of these documents are restricted, either by not allowing derivative works, and/or limiting to non-commercial use, and/or committment to share the derivative work under the same license.

## Documents

- [Blinkracy: A light version of Holacracy® to make any company management-free and 100% results-oriented](https://github.com/ParticipatoryOrgs/Dynamic-Governance-Collection/blob/master/Blinkracy-Blinkist.pdf)
  - (c)2015 [Blinkest — Blinks Labs GmbH](https://www.blinkist.com/en/), licensed [CC-BY-NC](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/)
